India invaded Pakistan.
The United States bombed Hiroshima.
Iran held elections.
The World Bank gave African countries aid.
Russia has announced that it intends to honor a 2010 agreement with Iran to sell advanced missile systems.
President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro met in Panama.
The US leader prepares to attend the Beijing Olympics, an event which will test his vow to keep politics out of the Games. 
A powerful earthquake devastates Nepal.
A court in Guyana has issued arrest warrants to two Brazilian men sought in the brutal slaying of two American missionaries in southern Guyana three years ago, a senior Guyanese police officer said Wednesday. 
China remains mum on the Islamic republic and Russia's UN ambassador said he was unaware of such agreement. 
The statement by the French presidency comes a day before Sarkozy heads to Beijing for the Friday opening of the Olympic Games, seeking to mend ties with China frayed by an initial threat to boycott the ceremony. 
A Tunisian court has jailed a man for two years for helping young militants join an armed Islamic group in Lebanon, his lawyer said Wednesday. 
France on Wednesday condemned unacceptable allegations by Rwanda that it had played an active role in the 1994 genocide, as Kigali said it hoped French officials would be indicted for war crimes. 
A 500-page report released Tuesday in the Rwandan capital alleged that France was aware of preparations for the genocide, and that the French military in Rwanda helped to plan and carry out killings.
Israel on Wednesday released the mayor of the northern West Bank city of Nablus, a member of the Islamist Hamas movement jailed over a year ago, Palestinian security officials said. 
The release of Adli Yaish, who had been arrested 15 months ago, came as Israel announced it would free over 150 Palestinian prisoners by the end of August as a goodwill gesture to Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas. 
General David Petraeus held talks with President Michel Sleiman during a surprise visit to Beirut on Wednesday, offering further military support to Lebanon. 
US and British activists staged a dramatic protest in Beijing on Wednesday, scaling a pole and unfurling giant ''Free Tibet'' banners close to the stadium where the Olympics will open in two days. 
Rwanda's information minister said Wednesday she hoped a raft of French political and military officials accused of playing a role in the country's 1994 genocide would soon be indicted for war crimes. 
France on Wednesday accused Rwanda of making unacceptable accusations by alleging Paris played an active role in the 1994 genocide, but said it was still determined to mend damaged ties with Kigali. 
Gunmen opens fire on Mexico army chopper as violence roils major state.
Before leaving for Beijing on Thursday, Bush was scheduled to give a speech here on US relations with Asia and meet with exiled dissidents from military-ruled Myanmar. 
North Korean diplomats disrupt human rights panel.
Armed groups dominate Congolese illicit Golad trade.
Venezuela raises minimum wage 30 pct amid raging inflation.
China passes Mexico as the top source of new U.S. immigrants.
Navy starts to accompany U.S. ships in strait of Hormuz.
Bird flu outbreak prompts state of emergency in Iowa.
Supreme Court upholds fundraising restriction on judicial elections.
White House says the FBI's help on ransom is not a policy violation.
Mary Lyon saw you coming.
I survived the housing lottery.
Autocorrect corrects Moodle to Noodle.
Just when the toilet paper here couldn't get any thinner, it did.
Officially done with college!
Just want my professor to grade this exam, have an Oprah moment and say, 'You get an A, and you get an A, everybody gets an A!'
My concentration level is almost as bad as my need for summer.
I wish there were designated nap areas around campus.
I will pay for your Chipotle order!
Failing your classes doesn't mean you're a loser.